troubleshooting: add openweather service help (#471)
bastienwirtz/homer: docs/troubleshooting.md

This should be a configuration issue.
* Make sure the option `connectivityCheck` is set to `true` in configuration.
* Check your proxy configuration, the expected behavior is to redirect user using a 302 to the login page when user is not authenticated.

## I put my API key into the OpenWeather service and it still isn't working

> If you have just made an OpenWeatherMap account and a newly-made API key, there is a high chance that you need to wait for it to be activated (often a few hours). If after waiting it still doesn't work, make sure to check the location you have provided since it may be an invalid location.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have just made an OpenWeatherMap account and/or a newly-made API key, there is a high chance that you need to wait for it to be activated (often a few hours). If after waiting it still doesn't work, make sure to check the location you have provided since it may be an invalid location.
```

> If you have just made an OpenWeatherMap account and are a newly made API key, there is a high chance that you need to wait for it to be activated (often a few hours). If after waiting it still doesn't work, make sure to check the location you have provided since it may be an invalid location.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have just made an OpenWeatherMap account and a newly-made API key, there is a high chance that you need to wait for it to be activated (often a few hours). If after waiting it still doesn't work, make sure to check the location you have provided since it may be an invalid location.
```

For some basic debugging steps, you can: 

> * Check with a large city such as Amsterdam as the specified location.

Author: ```suggestion
* Check with a large city such as Amsterdam as the specified location within your configuration.
```

> * Make sure your web browser is fetching the latest version of site after updating it with a new location (Ctrl + Shift + R).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure your web browser is running the latest version of homer after updating the location (Ctrl + Shift + R).
```

Author: ```suggestion
* Make sure your web browser is running the latest version of the homer configuration after updating the location (Ctrl + Shift + R).
```

the latest version of homer implies you need to download another tag/release of homer

this clears up the confusion

> * ping api.openweathermap.org from the server.

Reviewer: The request is made client side, and I thing it would be better to say to check the brower console (ctrl shift i) and look for errors. If the `api.openweathermap.org` is not available, you will see it there, in the same environment Homer is runing.

Author: https://github.com/bastienwirtz/homer/pull/471#discussion_r933551275

> * ping api.openweathermap.org from the server.

Author: ```suggestion
* Check for errors within the browser console (Ctrl + Shift + I) relating to api.openweathermap.org
```
